                                Reproducibility materials
                        Frequency Saturation and Certified Computation
                                   of Relaxation Functionals
                                            Haotian Zhong

Archive: 03_Reproducibility_Materials.zip. The archive contains the exact inputs, frozen
certificates, checker source, recorded seeds, and table-generation scripts supporting Section 7 of
the manuscript. All central proofs are contained in the manuscript. A file manifest identifies the
complete code and data snapshot by SHA-256 hashes.
Quick start. Extract the archive, open the resulting Supplementary_Materials directory, and
execute

python3 run_all.py

Python 3.10 or later suffices for frozen verification; the replay uses only the standard library. A fresh
run verifies the manifest and case inventory, runs the checkers in disposable working directories, and
regenerates the numerical tables. The report is written to replay_output/SUMMARY.json. Optional
candidate regeneration and its additional dependencies are described separately in REGENERATION.txt.
Evidence map.

Sections 3–4; Section 7.1; Table 1; Figure 1. Twenty-two certificates for full-frequency pos-
     itive pairs, four polynomial reproduction maps, and twelve equal-effort design certificates.
     The frequency supremum is certified by an exact response identity and a rational enclosure
     of its unique maximizer. Figure 1 is drawn from the closed-form identity by the script
     make_figure_response_difference.py in the figures directory of the manuscript source,
     after a cross-check against the archived enclosures.
Proposition 4.6; Section 7.2. Sixteen zero-noise identification certificates, with positive spectra,
    identical original observations, and nonzero target differences.
Sections 5 and 6; Section 7.3 (Tables 2 and 3). Eighteen stopped-cost certificates and two
     executed stopping trajectories. The trajectories include six stage inputs and twelve continuous
     endpoint certificates.
Section 7.4 (Table 4). Six strict-feasibility anchors on quadratic guard grids, the relative-width
     checks, and table regeneration.

Replay accounting. The frozen suites comprise 80 certificate tasks and 154 named algebraic,
mechanism, and invalid-input checks, including 53 intentional rejections. The twelve continuous
endpoints occur inside the two trajectory tasks. These counts describe computational checks of
the archived evidence. The two seeded trajectories exercise the stopping algorithm; the coverage
argument is proved in Section 6.
Provenance and navigation. SECTION_MAP.txt gives exact paths, INDEX.txt lists the shipped
files, and MANIFEST_SHA256.json records their hashes. Original suite names and receipts retain
their provenance. TRANSFER_NOTE.txt explains the title change and the metadata updates for the
present submission. Copyright and third-party dependency information appear in RIGHTS_AND_
DEPENDENCIES.txt.

                                                   1
